Exp 2 
1. Which command need to enter creating react native application
   =>  npx @react-native-community/cli@latest init MyFirstApp


2. What is purpose of android folder
   =>  The android folder contains all the Android-specific native code and configuration of a React Native application.

It is used for:

Building the app for Android.
Managing Android permissions.
Configuring Gradle and Android SDK.
Creating and modifying native Android files

 
3. why is ios folder present in application folder
The ios folder contains iOS-specific native code and configuration.

It is used when we want to:

Build the React Native app for iPhone/iPad.
Configure iOS permissions.
Manage Xcode project settings.
Add iOS-specific native functionality



4. which file represent main screen 
In a basic React Native project, App.tsx or App.jsx usually represents the main/root component of the application.



5. diff package.json and packagelog.json
package.json	                                package-lock.json
Contains project information and dependencies	Records exact installed dependency                     						versions
Can contain scripts	                        Locks dependency versions
Usually edited by developer	                Usually generated/updated by npm
Defines required packages	                Ensures the same dependency tree is installed


6. use of nodemodule folder 
The node_modules folder contains all the packages/dependencies installed for the project.


7. what is metro bunlder and use of it 
Metro Bundler is the JavaScript bundler used by React Native.

Its main jobs are:

Collect JavaScript/TypeScript files.
Resolve imports.
Bundle the application code.
Serve the JavaScript bundle to the emulator or physical device.
Detect changes during development and reload the app.


8. which command we use to run application
For Android:

npx react-native run-android

First, you can start Metro separately:

npx react-native start



9. how do we verify that physical device is connected
Enable USB Debugging on your Android phone and connect it to the computer.

Then run:

adb devices

If the device is properly connected, you may see:

List of devices attached
R5XXXXXXXXX    device

Here:

device

means the phone is connected and available for debugging.


10. purpose of usb debugging
USB Debugging allows the computer to communicate with an Android phone through ADB (Android Debug Bridge).

It allows us to:

Install applications on the phone.
Run React Native applications.
Send commands to the device.
View logs.
Debug applications.
Transfer information between computer and device.



11. how we do testing on emulator and physical devices
Step 1: Enable Developer Options.

Step 2: Enable USB Debugging.

Step 3: Connect your phone using a USB cable.

Step 4: Accept the "Allow USB debugging?" popup on your phone.

Step 5: Check the connection:

adb devices

You should see:

XXXXXXXXXXXX    device

Step 6: Run:

npx react-native run-android

The application will be installed and launched on your physical phone.






practical
1. display msg hello
2. blank page 
3. welcome to react native with name
4. change text size color and background
5. create login page
6. create simple counter ui
7. create a simple student card with name, prn, photo
